Add dev container feature (#1233)
dapr/cli: dev-container-feature/src/dapr-cli/README.md

# dapr-cli (dapr-cli)

Install the Dapr CLI

## Example Usage

```json
"features": {
    "ghcr.io/dapr/cli/dapr-cli:0": {}
}
```

## Options

| Options Id | Description | Type | Default Value |
|-----|-----|-----|-----|

> | version | Enter a version (or latest) | string | latest |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| version | Version of the Dapr CLI to install (or "latest") | string | latest |
```
